feat(node): reimplement node SDK in wasm (#378)
flipt-io/flipt-client-sdks: flipt-client-node/README.md

  url: 'http://localhost:8080',
  authentication: {
    clientToken
  },
  fetcher: customFetcher
});
```

The fetcher is a function that takes an optional [`IFetcherOpts`](https://github.com/flipt-io/flipt-client-sdks/blob/4821cb227c6c8b10419b96674d44ad1d6668a647/flipt-client-browser/src/models.ts#L1) argument and returns a `Promise` that resolves to a `Response` object.

## Timer Management

The `FliptEvaluationClient` class uses a timer to fetch new flag state at a regular interval.

Make sure to call the `close` method on the `FliptEvaluationClient` class once you are done using it to stop the timer and clean up resources.

```typescript
fliptEvaluationClient.close();
```

## State Management

The `FliptEvaluationClient` class pulls flag state from the Flipt instance at the `url` provided in the `options` object on instantiation.

This state is pulled from the Flipt instance on instantiation and every `update_interval` seconds thereafter.

To update the flag state manually, you can call the `refresh` method on the `FliptEvaluationClient` class.

```typescript
// Refresh the flag state
fliptEvaluationClient.refresh();
```

## ETag Support

> The default fetcher uses [ETag HTTP headers](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/ETag) to reduce the number of requests to the Flipt instance. This is useful in scenarios where the flag state is not frequently updated and you want to reduce the load on the server.

Reviewer: Small clarification: doesn't change the number of requests (just avoids resending previously observed state):
```suggestion
The default fetcher uses [ETag HTTP headers](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/ETag) to reduce overhead building and sending previously observed snapshots. This is useful in scenarios where the flag state is not frequently updated and you want to reduce the load on the server.
```
